BWDB-13485: Updated docs and spec for Download Reports (#599)
Bandwidth/api-docs: site/docs/numbers/downloadingReports.mdx

Authorization: Basic dXNlcm5hbWU6cGFzc3dvcmQ=
```

> OK Response

The 200 response will include a `Content-Disposition` header indicating the filename, and a download of the file will begin.

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Disposition: attachment; filename=output.pdf
```

> Temporary Redirect Response

> The 307 response will include a `Location` header that includes the link for downloading the file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The 307 response will include a `Location` header that includes the link to the file.  Follow the link in order to download the file.
```
